samples: bluetooth: add error message on overstay (#20903)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

---------------

* Removed the following unused SDFW services: ``echo_service``, ``reset_evt_service``, and ``sdfw_update_service``.

> * Updated the default timeslot duration in the :ref:`mod_dm` (DM) subsystem to avoid an overstay assert when the ranging failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`mod_dm` library:

  * Updated the default timeslot duration to avoid an overstay assert when the ranging fails.
```

Reviewer: Why not fails instead of failed?
